The blueprint to living a peaceful life
and make a man fall in love with you is
to be useless. Be useless to everyone,
but especially to men. Hi guys, and
welcome back to my channel. My name is
Michaela, and if you're new here,
everything on my channel is about
upgrading yourself, becoming the best
version of yourself. Don't let people
walk all over you and attract a man that
is actually providing for you. That's
why after today's video, you will know
exactly why doing nothing and being a
useless woman will make a man fall in
love with you and chase you. Let's get
right into this. The first thing I want
to say is that men are not like women.
Okay? Women are reciprocators. When
someone is doing a lot for us, we want
to do a lot back. We think in repaying,
in proving that we are worthy of
everything we got. But men are not like
that. The more you do for a man, the
more he's thinking what a great man he
is. That's why when you're starting to
date a man and he starts with an effort
on a scale here and your effort is on a
scale here, it works great. The man is
investing, he's putting in effort, he's
conquering you, he's initiating. But as
soon as you start to uplevel your
effort, you start to think, "Oh, how can
I prove myself? How can I make him
believe that I am the right woman for
him?" He will stop doing all this
effort. He will lower his effort because
he will be thinking, "Why would you as
such a great woman do so much for him?
It doesn't make sense to him." and he
will be lowering his effort because you
actually are lowering your own value by
doing more. The more you do, the more
you prove, he will be thinking h
something must be wrong here because why
does she do so much? If you're thinking
about, let's say, a Birkin bag, I love
to talk about Birkin bags. Let's say
there is one Birkin bag for €200,000
and then there is another one that looks
the exact same way, same leather, same
quality. It's a Birkin bag for €20. You
would be thinking the one for €20 must
be fake. Something must be wrong with
this bag because why is it so cheap?
Now, even if the €20 bag is the exact
same, is actually authentic, has
actually the same value as the €200,000
bag, you still would be thinking
something must be wrong. The bag for €20
must be fake. And that's the same way
with men and women. When a man is dating
you, he first of all likes you. Okay? He
wouldn't date you if he wouldn't like
you. Now he in the beginning always puts
you on a pedestal. Maybe you have been
in a situation where first the guy
started off so great. You were starting
to date. He was investing time, money,
gifts, effort in you. He was initiating.
He was literally courting you. And then
suddenly it changed. Suddenly the
dynamic changed and suddenly you end up
doing more than him. Suddenly you end up
proving yourself. Suddenly, you feel
like you have to prove to get that
effort back. That can be because he is a
manipulator and he just wants to use you
or he simply lost interest because you
did too much. And in both cases, you
should do nothing. Even when the dynamic
is off, even when you realize, oh, I
think we got into the stage where I did
too much, I gave too much, I was too
much available, start doing nothing. You
can change the whole dynamic by doing
nothing. And doing nothing, I don't mean
to not appreciate anything he does. By
doing nothing, I mean appreciate what he
does, but do nothing. Do not give more
effort. simply stay at that same level
where you started at. If he is a
manipulator and he's just using you to
get something from you, you will be
happy because this person will fall away
from you. That's one of the reasons why
it's so important to be useless as a
woman. It sounds harsh, but yes, you
need to be useless because only useless
women are not getting used by
manipulators or anyone who is simply
there to use you to get what they want
from you and would leave you hanging
anyways. So, in the first case scenario,
if he is a manipulator, you will be
happy because he will not be interested
in you anymore. Now the second case
scenario that your dynamic just changed
because you noticed that you have given
too much. He will notice that you
stepped back. You draw back your energy,
your attention and he will start
thinking what did he do wrong? What did
he miss? Did he mess up? Did he do
something that upset you? And worst case
he will be thinking he might lost you
already and you moved on. That's when he
starts to invest again. That's when he
starts to chase again. And also keep in
mind that men do not like women who are
simps. Men do not like nice women that
are overly available, overgiving, and
women that are simply all over them
because men value what they need to
chase. Men value where they put effort
in. Again, think about the Birkin bag
that is €200,000
and the one that is €20. Even though
it's the same bag, you will value the
one that is €200,000 more than the one
that is €20. Why? Because it requires
more resources to get the €200,000
back than the 20 bag. Now if you put one
and one together, you will understand
the more a man invests in you, money,
gifts, time, effort, the more he will
love you. And yes, appreciate it. As I
already said, you have to appreciate his
effort. But do not fall into the trap
where you think you have to repay him or
prove him that you're worth of all this
effort. He already puts you on a
pedestal. Put yourself on that pedestal
that he puts you on. Maybe put it even
higher. The less excited you are for
things, the less excited you are for his
effort, the more he will be thinking,
"She must be so special. Maybe I have to
invest even more to win her over."
Another thing, sometimes men will come
to you and they will say that they want
to see more effort from you. They want
to see more from you because they are
not sure if you're actually serious.
They say, you know, I am super serious
about you. I am investing a lot of time,
energy, and effort in you, but I'm not
sure if you are that interested in me.
Show me how much you truly want me. They
want you to cook for them. They want you
to do all of these things, but actually
this is a trap. Men might not even know
that this is a trap, but it is. [snorts]
Now, if he tells you that he wants you
to do more and you actually do more, you
more or less signal him that he's right,
that you have to lower your value, that
you have to lower your standards for him
to be happy. You make him comfortable by
inconveniencing yourself. This makes him
slowly lose interest in you and makes
him lower his effort and also
unfortunately he won't respect you that
much anymore because you are lowering
your own value for a man. Many women
then feel like they have to prove that
they are the woman he wants. Many women
want to prove with showing up more,
checking in more, cooking dinners, being
available at 4:00 a.m., doing things
that they in the beginning didn't do or
usually wouldn't do because they feel
like they need to prove themselves. They
need to prove that they are actually
serious about this relationship. And
once you do that, he knows he got you.
you start to invest more time, effort,
but also more emotions. And once you are
in that emotional flow, you cannot stop
that easily. He notices and he will
start to draw back his effort. Little by
little, he will draw it more and more
back. And as soon as he got what he
wants, the game is over for him. Now
what I want you to do instead anytime a
guy comes to you asking you to invest
more to do more for him. Listen and say
okay I understand you. I listen to you.
I appreciate you sharing that with me.
Acknowledge him and his feelings. Act
like you're understanding and absorbing
it and you're thinking about how you can
change it, how you can do differently.
and then do absolutely nothing. Okay?
You can even tell him, "Hey, I hear you.
I want you to feel like I am as invested
as you are. This is very serious for me
and I am very serious and it's very
important for me." You can tell him all
the words, but then go back, continue to
do nothing. Be as useless as possible.
You have to understand that especially
at the stage of dating, it's a man's job
to do all the pursuing, all the chasing,
all the courting you. But of course, if
it's not that serious to him, he will
back off. He will understand he needs to
invest more for you to actually give him
what he wants, which most of the time is
to sleep with you. I'm sorry I have to
tell you, but all men ultimately want
the same. They want to roll in bed with
you. If he wants you to be his wife or
he wants you just to be a one night
stand, they all ultimately only want to
sleep with you and maybe also build a
life with you. Anyways, if he is one of
those guys who just wants to roll in bed
with you without any commitment, without
actually having any serious relationship
or marriage in his mind, in his plan,
then he will back off. He will disappear
and look for another woman that he can
roll in bed with for a day. In any
situation, it's a win-win for you.
Either you get rid of a man who is not
that serious, or you signal him that
you're not easy to bait, that he has to
invest more, do more, and step up again
to prove to you that he is worthy of
you, not the other way around. I know
many, many women fall into that trap and
start to prove, do more, cook for him.
That's the mistake. I want you to
finally have that switch in your brain
to understand. The more you do doesn't
make you more worthy. You need to be
worthy from your essence. And only you
can know that. Only you can feel that
worthiness. Radiate that worthiness so
everyone else sees it and act
accordingly. If every time a man starts
to bait you or starts to question your
worth, you start to step up and do more,
you're actually reinforcing that belief
in yourself that you're not enough and
that you need to do more, to show more,
to prove more that you are enough. Baby
girl, I want you to once and for all
understand that you are enough. Your
essence is enough by doing nothing. And
the more useless you are to people,
especially to men, you will notice that
only the men who want to use you are the
ones that want you to prove yourself.
The men who actually sees your worth and
sees your value in your essence, they do
not want you to prove yourself. They
actually get turned off by you proving
yourself, by you doing more, by you
showing him that you are worthy of him.
You do not need to show any man that you
are worthy. They need to show you that
they are worthy of you. I think it's
almost like a sickness nowadays because
there were times where women were only
marrying for land, houses, for real
assets. And nowadays, women are happy if
a man is paying for the dinner. Sorry,
but you have to also stop glorifying the
bare minimum. This all stems from women
not knowing their worth and feeling like
they need to prove their worth to a man.
It's the other way around. And that's
why I'm going to say it again and again
and again. A man needs to prove to you
that he is worthy of your essence,
attention, and love, and not the other
way around. As soon as you feel like you
need to prove you need to do more, step
back and do absolutely nothing. Only the
men who want to use you are the ones
losing interest from you being useless.
Another thing I want to talk about is
how to solve problems. How to act when
he actually did something to disappoint
you. Sometimes as women we start to
overexlain. we start to or we want to
explain, we want to make our point
clear. We want the man to change and to
do things differently. And we try that
through communication.
Men are not like that. Men do not
listen. I'm sorry, but men simply are
not good listeners. Men will never
listen to you talking and explaining why
you're hurt and how he can make it up,
how he can do it differently. What you
have to do is again do nothing and
actually withdraw energy. Withdraw
everything. Do not reach out. Maybe
ignore him for one two days. But do
absolutely nothing. Only then he will
start thinking after a while, oh this
girl is gone quiet. What has happened?
What did I do wrong? Did I really mess
up? Worst case, he will be thinking that
he might lost you and you might have
already moved on. That's when he
actually starts to think about what he
did wrong. Believe me, men always know
what they did wrong when you give them
the space. Men can only know what they
did wrong when you withdraw energy. I
can tell you from my personal experience
with my ex. There were times I was
overexplaining and then I always thought
I did something wrong. For example, you
and your boyfriend, your date, you're
having a disagreement and he's raising
his voice or saying something you do not
like. It was disrespectful and you're
bringing it up. You're saying, "Listen,
I do not like that. Listen, do not talk
to me that way." then he might is trying
to switch it. He is trying to turn the
game or men do that in a way. If you
then start to overexlain and try to make
him understand that you didn't do
anything wrong, you already lost in that
disagreement. What you need to do
instead is to stand up and withdraw.
Leave the space, go to another room,
withdraw your energy whenever he did
something you didn't like. And only
that's when he starts to understand that
he did something wrong. Believe me, he
will understand. If it's 1 day, 2 days,
3 days, he goes quiet, you go quiet, you
do not reach out. You have to withstand
those thoughts that you did something
wrong. Withstand that urge to reach out
to him and explain and initiate the
conversation. Initiate nothing. Do
nothing. Draw back. Sit back and wait. I
promise you he will come and apologize.
He will start to think only when you do
nothing, when you withdraw and he will
understand he did something wrong. Every
man will always look for their mistakes,
their errors, when you start to
withdraw. They won't do that when you
start to explain. Now in that silence
when he starts to reflect and starts to
understand that he actually did
something wrong and he gets this fear of
he doesn't want to lose you and you
might already have moved on. That's when
he starts to reach out and that's where
your leverage lies in. That's the moment
you can ask him for whatever you want.
That's the moment you need to be strong
and not just be fully available once he
reaches out and say, "Yeah, I'm sorry. I
know I did wrong." You need to slowly
say, "M, okay, I appreciate that." But
do not show him the emotions
immediately. Be a little bit reserved
and let him show, let him prove that
he's actually sorry. That's the only way
a man is changing and that's also again
your leverage. You can actually ask for
anything in that moment. Ask for the
flowers. Ask for the new iPhone. Ask for
the new bag. Ask for the working bag.
Ask for whatever you want. Depending on
his financial situation, of course, he
will do everything possible to not lose
you and to make you not move on from
him. Now, another thing I want to talk
about is the frequency of how often he's
talking to you, how often he's taking
you out on a date, how often he's
initiating conversations, especially in
the dating phase, let him keep the
frequency, let him lead the frequency. I
know especially once you like someone
and once you find that there is
potential in a great future together,
you feel like you want to see him more,
you want to reach out and you think you
should talk more, you should text him
more, you should call him more or he
should call you more, he should take you
more on a date. You have to be aware
that men do that on their frequency and
timing based on how much they like you,
how much interested they are in you, how
much time they have, and how important
it is to them. And a very very important
side note, you cannot speed up the
process. You cannot speed up a man
liking you more or a man being more
interested in you or a man wanting to
see you more. This is not in your hand.
And if you fall into that, you start to
do more than you should do. Part of
doing nothing is accepting his pace.
Accepting how often he wants to see you,
how often he wants to date you. And if
it's too thin, if it's too little for
you, if there is no consistency, give
yourself a clear timing for when you say
this is not enough for me. and then just
move on instead of trying to press him,
trying to make him see you more. Never
ever press him to do more dates,
especially in the dating phase. And when
you're not in the dating phase, when
you're already in a marriage, when
you're already in a long-term
relationship, it's so important that you
need to understand that these dynamics,
these principles of doing nothing apply
the same way. Even though here we're not
talking anymore about going out on
dates, about initiating conversations,
about talking more, but it works the
exact same way. You do not open your
doors for yourself. You do not bring out
the trash. You do not carry the
groceries. Certain things you simply
don't do because that's why you have a
man. A man is here to do things for you.
And the more you let him do for you, the
more he will be invested in you and the
more he will love you. Let him do more
without demanding. Simply don't do.
That's why women who do nothing, women
who are useless are having the best
relationships are having the happiest
marriages. Men are more happy with a
woman that does nothing unless he's with
you because he wants to use you. Okay?
You're either a man's or a man's
boss. And just recently, I have heard
something that makes so much sense. Be
more like a cat. Cats are literally
doing nothing. They are sleeping all
day, waking up to eat, going back to
sleep, and you cannot even touch them.
You cannot even pet them if they do not
want that. Yet, a cat owner loves the
cat the way she is. I have two cats and
I love them more than anything. I do not
need them to do anything. I do not love
a cat for giving me something. I love
them for who they are. They can be
annoying. They can be scratching the
sofa. They can be scratching the chairs.
I still love them. They are requiring a
lot of attention, a lot of money. I need
to clean after them. I need to get food
for them. Yet, I love them. And you
should be like a cat to a man. Do
nothing. Have your boundaries be
absolutely useless, but appreciate him
when he does things for you. Anyways,
guys, I hope this could help. I hope you
understand how you can do nothing and be
the most useless you can be for him to
make him chase you, to fall in love with
you, and for you to live a peaceful
life. As always, if you want to know how
to attract a real provider man, how to
spot them, and how to make him invest in
you, download my ebook, The Queen
Treatment, link in bio. Thank you so
much for watching. I love you so, so
much. And I see you in my next video.
Bye-bye.